what's up guys Cavalier got a nun's case
with me for this guide good moaning so
if he's a twitch in it and it's not my
fault we're playing war in the north I'm
a black rider just kidding okay so gay
I'm trying to be funny like this i'm
going to show you how to get everything
ebony ingress yeah ebony ingots so you
can make full everything right you ought
first off you want to come here I'll
show you ways I'm at MIT maybe this
place there's wind town southeast of it
is noticeable adder and where you want
to go gloom bound mind you to get
anything you bet it's basically the sea
but to get into the city yet the quest
yeah gatekeeper yeah to get in to see
you have to go to this dungeon and
collect some sniffing braces hide braces
and what you want to do to like maximize
get the most all you can is pick lock
all these their expert and shit go in
there but also I haven't taken this is a
different play proof so I'm not really
smithing just going to show you where to
get it so you want to go pick lock this
one there's quite a bit of ebony wall
yeah two bits it takes two ebony walls
to make one Inga and then the main place
where you're going to get it all from is
across this bridge into hell very sturdy
bridges there yeah there's a pickaxe
there I took it all this one there's
enough on there and as you see ebony
well come with there's like usually when
I did it those what they called a little
carriage fink me yeah I am car there's
lots of ebony just scattered just search
is over the area thoroughly if not just
go straight in the modern also fuck no
I've got skeleton key cuz I'm crew if I
can get that back thing um my thing
there's also a heavy armor fortune I
think that gives you the sea does it
give you eight year gives you a smithing
level so I have a read of that give it a
didgeridoo and in the main place where
all the always will be in here glumes
bound mine Leroy Jenkins fucking loading
screens in here there is so much all
you're literally so die from everywhere
all right on there must be at least I'll
tell you get two for me so I got when I
did it on my first playthrough I got at
least 40 ebony Inga's so I made
legendary scream raving about it was
like this gasps no set fire to do it sup
no also in here there are evony bar
scared everywhere yes Stephen now that
there's Gaston it's not very safe and
fucking flames everywhere sir thoughts
there towards their torture I thought
what is annoying thing about this place
is the way they go some more everywhere
this this bit here I always fall down
there and have to come all the way back
up and there's loads here's at least
free bit sir thank you though for chow
where you're walking yeah pretty much it
just just search around as long as a
couple of iron buzz shit tons of ebony
right
every there everything there ebony and
ivory and Dave do I killed it on it so
I'm arose out so gay but you're like
stage of War II or the hell move right
yeah that's pretty much how to get the
ebony and then what you want to do with
it you collect all the I the ebony wall
and make into bars by coming to the
Smith in place which is just outside
which is handy so if you've got is that
it's 80 smithing just run down here
below them Sam there you go is your
smeller stick it in that bad boy I know
I don't make it yet but yeah make one
and then you can just make your armor
upgrade it everything you need yeah it
was pretty sweet if you found this video
helpful then comment rate subscribe if
you want we will be doing lots more
videos and comment on what else you want
us to do tutorials if you want tutorial
so yeah well if you will pick up arms
modern warfare 3 spec ops we just like
we had like tits in it so watch that if
you enjoy it will do more than and get
us booked to play and shit or play it
for you I mean I'm i'm shy fan off yeah
it's Batman Robin Batman and Robin's
black men Robin I and if you need help
try and get armor just say what kind of
armored shit yeah on my brown but yeah
good if you wanna before I'm not have
you got this armor message I this armor
yeah mine tap that that's a quest I'll
tell you what quest but I don't a whole
play for if you want to know how to get
us home but just tell me
I'll tell you what quest lines it's the
video bye yeah thanks for watching its
crack care motherfucker